docs: add section on supports_filters_pushdown (#7680)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/library-user-guide/custom-table-providers.md

With this, and the implementation of the omitted methods, we can now use the `CustomDataSource` as a `TableProvider` in DataFusion.

##### Additional `TableProvider` Methods

`scan` has no default implementation, so it needed to be written. There are other methods on the `TableProvider` that have default implementations, but can be overridden if needed to provide additional functionality.

###### `supports_filters_pushdown`

The `supports_filters_pushdown` method can be overridden to indicate which filter expressions support being pushed down to the data source and within that the specificity of the pushdown.

This returns a `Vec` of `TableProviderFilterPushDown` enums where each enum represents a filter that can be pushed down. The `TableProviderFilterPushDown` enum has three variants:

- `TableProviderFilterPushDown::Unsupported` - the filter cannot be pushed down

> - `TableProviderFilterPushDown::Exact` - the filter can be pushed down and the data source can guarantee that the filter will be applied exactly as specified
> - `TableProviderFilterPushDown::Inexact` - the filter can be pushed down, but the data source cannot guarantee that the filter will be applied exactly as specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TableProviderFilterPushDown::Exact` - the filter can be pushed down and the data source can guarantee that the filter will be applied completely to all rows. This is the highest performance option. 
- `TableProviderFilterPushDown::Inexact` - the filter can be pushed down, but the data source cannot guarantee that the filter will be applied to all rows. DataFusion will apply `Inexact` filters again after the scan to ensure correctness. 
```
